Update Q1 goals for feature success (#7403)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/small-teams/feature-success/index.mdx

## Mission

Makers everywhere get better at building products because of PostHog

## Q1 2024 Goals

As always, reliability is the #1 unwritten goal: Making sure feature flags are reliable trumps every other objective.

### Objective: Doubling down on surveys

> Last quarter, we launched pricing for surveys and gathered lots of useful feedback. This quarter, we're building out most of the things users have asked for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last quarter, we officially launched surveys and gathered lots of feedback! This quarter, we're building out more of the things that'll make surveys the obvious choice to use for customers to collect qualitative feedback. 
```

We will, in order of priority build:

- Event based targeting for surveys
- Branching logic with multiple questions

> - Better result visualisation for NPS/CSAT surveys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Better result visualisation for customer experience metric surveys (NPS, CSAT, etc)
```
